Update README.md (#354)
Instabug/Instabug-iOS: README.md

```
bash "${BUILT_PRODUCTS_DIR}/${FRAMEWORKS_FOLDER_PATH}/Instabug.framework/strip-frameworks.sh"
```
4. In Xcode 11.x you might get the following error:
```
dyld: Library not loaded: @rpath/Instabug.framework/Instabug
Reason: image not found
```
If that's the case, do the following steps:
- Under Build Phases, click on + icon to add new phase, and select New Copy Files Phase.

- Drag the newly created Copy Files phase above Compile Sources phase

> - In the new Copy Files phase, select Frameworks for Destination drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the new Copy Files phase, select Frameworks from Destination dropdown.
```
